thanks so much for joining me i'm really
excited to share with you tips to grow
your business online with free google
tools i'm going to be joined shortly by
kirsten and i think by brie as well so
if you're watching this replay later
just skip ahead a minute or two for the
good stuff to get started and hi to
those that are just joining i'm going to
invite my co-host now and then we will
let you know
how to grow your business
let's see
invite
how do i get my co-hosts here
hi to those that are joining i'm just
getting my um
guests to join me
here and then we will share with you
today how to grow your business
online
we're really excited about it
um
let's see
live
gotta sort out the logistics when one of
these live starts right so in the
meantime if you have any questions at
all
about
growing your business please let me know
and in a moment kirsten will be here and
i think brie is joining us as well we
are going to be covering google tools
today she is three
two
one
why hello oh we have two
this is the same
before how are you
i'm good thanks how are you doing and hi
to samila coffee roasters nice to see
you hi devon thank you for the follow
kirsten i don't see your face
yet
but i see that you are here
trying i just keep getting stickers so
we're working through this
so hi to those that are joining us here
today i'm jill and kirsten is
organically digital and we are going to
be sharing our top tips for growing your
business with free google tools if you
have any questions at all please drop
them into the chat for us
and if you're enjoying the live give us
some double taps
uh which will tell tic toc to send more
people here to watch it today and if
you're watching this replay on youtube
here we are about to get started because
there's kirsten
here i am
luckily i am not one taco
here i don't work here
quite all right i'm so glad you could
join me here today so we can share our
best tips with folks for growing their
businesses
on google uh i know there's four key
google tools we want to talk about today
but of course we are open to your
questions as well so please drop a
comment to let us know what you would
like to know
i'm going to kick us off first with one
of my free google tools that i think is
so underutilized and after that i'll
take it over to you
kirsten so one of the first google tools
i want to share with you is google
merchant center now this is specifically
for businesses that sell product this is
not for services business but it does
work for digital products and google
merchant center is the part of google
that lets you share your product
information with google so that your
products can show up in google search
results for free if you have a store it
lets google know about your store
inventory so that when people are
searching it can direct them to your
physical store or your online store
and if you use
woocommerce or
shopify or prestashop now it's super
easy to set up so i highly suggest you
check out google merchant center and
then once you do
i'm actually going to see if i can flip
my camera around no i'm not that fancy
so never mind if you have specific
questions about google merchant center
and how that works uh let us know and of
course is completely free to set up and
free to get your product showing on
google so that is my first google tool i
love what about you kirsten what's a
google tool that you love for business
owners
and i have to say first don't they there
have uh two feeds one is for local
businesses so that your uh products can
show up in the local feed of like google
business profile and then one for the
google
why hello that is right and brie is here
too welcome bri
talking a bit about google merchant
center uh and so kirsten asked do you
have two feeds and that is correct that
you do a feed is just a bunch of
gibberish that google understands in
your mortal don't that lets google know
about your products and so
you will have a feed for your online
store which will share your online
inventory with google merchant center
and then a separate feed for your
real life
brick and mortar store if you use a
platform like shopify shopify will take
care of that for you but if you're
working on building a feed yourself you
will need to view those
separately
hi to those that are just joining i am
joined today by two of my favorite
people kirsten and brie and i'm jill and
we are talking about free google tools
so please let us know if you have any
questions and we will answer them for
you i see one here how do you check
google analytics merchant center is it
all linked up yes you absolutely
should connect google merchant center to
google analytics you can also connect
google merchant center to your google
business profile which i know will be
hearing about um and then you'll want to
connect google merchant center to google
ads if you would like to run
ads
all right i'm going to talk to kirsten
next to share one of her free google
tools and then after that bree well i
think we all know what you're going to
share but let's go to kirsten what would
you like to talk about
you know i think probably the google
business profile is the most
underutilized tool for local businesses
i don't think that they realize
just how
many leads can come through that or
the the amount of people that go now to
google maps to be able to
has what they're for like we've just
so much has changed
um and i went down the wormhole last
night of products that google offers for
businesses to succeed and show up online
and holy hell i got
very excited
but there's so much like so it's not
just google business profile they have
the marketing kit so it's the marketing
kit dot with google.com
and you can literally so that's where
you can claim and set up your business
profile if you don't have one
um you are able to have at that post
right from there they take pictures
you've posted
already on your uh profile and make a
beautiful ad that you just clicked a
button to have
um you can do posts where you're letting
them make reservations
or
purchasing a product or just updating
them on something they can book an
appointment with you
and like i have a restaurant
that gets over two million views
a month on their google business profile
and that's completely free
oh yeah yep and from there they're able
to book a reservation to their and this
is a fine dining establishment so it's
not just fast food
you know that's where especially
restaurants or things of that sort we go
to the map and we look for what's around
us
i mean if you think about like
sorry to interject here but let's just
think about two million views
a one percent conversion rate on that
and it's fine dining i mean we're
talking big money coming from google my
business that's awesome that's great
and i love as well person that you
shared how a tool like um the marketing
kit with google which when i do videos
about that those are like my best videos
ever it's such a great tool that by
having a google business profile and
then unlocks other opportunities for you
like the marketing kit or google even
has this free analyzer where it will
analyze your business profile and then
let you know other things you can do to
improve it um and and get more views
there so i love that tip and kirsten
once people register for the business
profile which is a pretty simple process
what are two or three things that they
should set up
right away because there's so many
things you could set up there what's
most important to set up right away
so of course you're going to do your
name address phone number
you want to get that in so that it's
consistent across the board meaning if
you have an office phone number that you
promote on your website and facebook
that is the same phone number that needs
to be your contact phone number on
all of your other listings
you have to make sure across the board
that they're not conflicting or
confusing search engines that which one
is the correct information
but going a step further
just remember that anytime on the
internet we're in charge of creating
the perception of us
so if there's something that's a
misconception
make a frequently asked questions post
or put in questions like
so part of the community can ask
questions of do you have parking or do
you have reservations you can do that
for your own business and answer the
questions because it lets you
you know draw attention to the things
that you want people to know
if you are a realtor and
you want people to choose you in this
crazy market you might want to post
majority closings you're having
because that gives the perception that
you're moving you're shaking of all of
these closings that's what you're going
to do for other people um
and if you go onto the marketing kit dot
uh with google.com
they have a video that goes over all of
so that used to be like one of my
secrets
they shared it with the world
i know if you watch their mark i mean
why i'm even here i don't i'll just go
home
but
everything that you need is in that kit
i think
we just go so fast we
this day and age we're rushing through
and we don't we spread ourselves too
thin and don't
do
anyone focus on the one thing it's worth
it
absolutely so we have covered google
merchant center which is a free way to
get your products on google and then
kirsten spoke about google business
profile which is a free way to get your
business on the map she knows one
business that's getting two million
views a month from that next i want to
hand it over to bree who is our resident
well let you tell us what's your
favorite free google toolbree
my favorite free google tool is right
now it really is google analytics for i
know a lot of people would fight me on
that
i know i know
so going from ua to to google analytics
for it is quite the change but
what people i i don't think google
analytics for it really does look
scary i'm not gonna lie to you it looks
scary because a developer definitely had
a heyday with it
but the good thing about that is that it
does come with so many functionalities
that we wouldn't have gotten
previously
and like i mean you think about
like think about analytics 10 years ago
to think that you would be getting
predictive analytics for free
i mean you used to have to pay hundreds
of dollars for that every single month
not just once but like every single
month so you know you can do forecasting
with it it has anomaly detection built
in and the best part is you don't really
have to do any of that because they have
an entire insights dashboard that will
say hey the majority of your conversions
last week came from organic
and oh by the way did you know there's a
huge spike of traffic from you know
fiverr.com like maybe you had a backlink
there or something and all of a sudden
it popped off last week they will just
tell you those things so you don't even
have to really dig into the platform if
you're like i hate this i never want to
do it ever again which some people are
um they have so many built-in tools now
that will do so much of that work for
you kind of like chris kirsten was
saying with like the um
with like the the marketing kit right
they they go and do things for you
listen i get it it's google's world
we're living in it and sometimes that
can be hard to adjust to but they
honestly have offered so much to us with
all of these tools but yeah no google
analytics for right now is definitely my
my favorite free google tool
that's awesome to those who are just
friends
it connects to both of those things
sorry i just remember this and it
connects the merchant center
great
and um
i know we haven't talked about search
console yet but it does connect to
search we're gonna get there we're gonna
get there to those that are just joining
i'm jill i'm here with bree and kirsten
and we are talking about the best free
google tools for business owners we
talked about google merchant center
getting your products on google we
talked about google business profile
getting your business on the map and now
bridges share google analytics and
specifically google analytics for the
fancy new kind which is how you can
understand what's going on on your
website uh and brie gave a little sneak
peek go let either brie or kirsten talk
about google
search console tell us but tell us a
little more about that who wants to take
that one
i think i'll jump in
yeah and let the seo expert jump in
so search console was literally created
to give
people an insight into their website to
be able to see how it's performing or
not and that was before we were really
in the digital space that we are now
now as everything becomes far more
intertwined and complex integrated um
so much more can affect your website
your income your
future i mean this is you can
it's amazing what the internet brings us
and
opens us up to but we are also at the
mercy of it of that is our lifeline to
the world
um and there are certain
elements that they're learning when they
are integrated it actually can hurt your
seo or it brings down your website and
you won't know if you don't have these
tools involved to be able to see
kind of by a
trial and error you can just go through
and figure out at what point
did you start having issues uh right now
in the last year and a half we've been
hit with google update after google
update like they just they woke up and
chose change
um
in the last year and so
it's uh
we're all reeling from that right now if
you've noticed that your website tanked
recently i have one
um
that their traffic has been cut in half
and uh because over the last year even
though they are
top of the line um
technology
they had a developer that didn't value
making the updates with google search
console um it lets you see the changes
and if you don't know how to fix
something
you can bang your head against the wall
but they do have a
um what is it actually called
one moment so
on the the search console at the bottom
they have a
um
about search console and settings area
that it goes into detail of how to do
things or you can hire somebody who
knows what they're doing
um
but just real quick
to can i flip this around oh maybe that
wouldn't be a good thing to try i might
hang up on myself um but there's a way
that if you i'm putting a video out
right after this so go on my page and
watch it but if you go on search console
you're able to see what pages people are
seeing they have high um impressions but
they have low clicks so lots of people
are seeing it
clicking on it that doesn't that means
you're getting seen but they don't like
the way that you're showing up in the
search results those are easy wins that
is the you fix the
metadata for that page
and it's not a long-term solution
but it will let you start getting more
people on your site hopefully getting
sales while you are
fixing any other errors or issues design
issues so that
your site as a whole is more inviting
and
draws people to
[Music]
that final
sale point
it's such a great time
it's a tough one to tough one to make
sexy but it is so
no sorry we're having i just wanted to
say i think that's such a great tip for
seo because so many people focus on like
ah my backlinks or like my technical seo
my keywords but something as simple as
just looking at where you're getting
impressions and not clicks and just
updating the headline and description in
your metadata is such an approachable
and easy thing for a small business
owner to do that can really have an
impact in getting them more traffic so
thank you for sharing that
definitely
and a great way to get backlinks is
great
people will want to ship
if you are creating things that are are
going to be of value to them so
that would be if you're trying to do
that yourself
just
earn it if you earn it it takes you
farther
no shortcuts great content yeah for
those who are just joining we are
talking about free google tools to grow
your business i'm jill and i'm here with
bree and kirsten we have talked about
google merchant center google business
profile google analytics and google
search console and if you're just
joining out and want to catch up later
i'm going to post this live on my
youtube right after this so stay tuned
for that
i see we have some questions that have
come in here so if you have a question
for any of us we all have complementary
google marketing expertise please drop
it in the chat and then we're going to
go back now and look at some of the
questions we missed while we were
talking so
there was one back up here that i'm
scrolling to
um
let's see
uh what is the best new google ad to
show every place on google shopping
images
well google ads well not a free google
tool is my bread and butter and you're
probably thinking of something called
performance max it's a brand new
campaign type from google that out of
one campaign you can show search
shopping display discovery youtube
everything all out of one campaign
there are a lot of benefits to it but
also some drawbacks to it as well so i'd
recommend checking out my google ads
expert tips playlist on my profile
because i have a handful of videos about
performance max and what you should know
thank you personalized word art
um
shotel has a question any tips for
advertising
sensitive
industries
any tips for advertising sensitive
anyone uh i guess it depends on
what we're considering considering a
sensitive uh
a sensitive industry because it i mean
it really depends right like in some
places like cannabis is considered a
sensitive industry
um and if that's the case you know
that's something that you really okay
therapy
well that's a lot less sensitive than i
was going i was like
i was thinking adult things so
i was thinking a doll i would think yeah
no anyways therapy
i would talk about the benefits yeah
well and like when you go to the gym
there's always like the vitamin store
that's right next to the gym or the
stretch like there's there's certain
things that are semi-connect like you
might you don't you're not in the same
industry
necessarily but you share the same
audience
be there
or if you're if when you say sensitive
you mean you're limited to where you can
advertise
content
it's um you're either doing that
yourself or you're finding a channel
that can promote you
um where you can be seen but you're not
an ad so you have to get a little more
creative but
uh we're in an age where people want
real and it's um
you know i think in the past it was
bronze and then it was brains and now
we're moving into a place of
heart where renee brown is our our
leader and we're following her um
when you show up in your marketing being
authentic
and owning what your product is and
owning the fact that your product isn't
for that group whoever that is there's
something very appealing and and it will
work out it's just
putting yourself out there to be um
where they're gonna be in a
authentic manner they'll come
absolutely
absolutely we have a next question from
rahman joshua virg hi guys how do you
control search impression share on
google ads and what percentage would be
ideal
it's a very specific google ads question
that is one of my favorite topics i was
just telling someone my two favorite
metrics in google ads are search
impression share and quality score but i
don't do videos about them because when
i do they don't get good engagement
because most people find it boring so
thank you for acting this um my
recommendation for search impression
share without getting too boring is that
i recommend your campaign has at least
10 impression share if you're not sure
why you're losing impression share you
want to add two columns you want to add
how much you're losing due to budget and
how much you're losing due to rank if
you're losing more due to budget add
more budget
or
lessen your targeting so you don't need
more budget like target a smaller
geographic area or fewer keywords if
you're losing out due to rank then
that's because either your bids are too
low or your quality score is too low so
check your quality score first you can
add those columns at the keyword level
to see and then if not you may need to
increase your bids but like i actually
love that topic so please book a session
with me we can talk all about search
impression share for an hour
um shotel so our friend who was asked
about therapy had another question how
do i get reviews from people who don't
want to share their engagement this is
for you kirsten so people who've been to
therapy
don't want people to know they've been
to therapy like how can they go about
getting reviews
so that one what i i thought we were
talking engagement
i guess it depends you again have to get
i really like the um
there's a couple of them now there's one
that's called feedback which it's like
feedback but with a v
in the front and i'm guessing that v
stands for video that was very clever
so you put out a video and the nice
thing about it is you could do it on
here or on youtube um where it lets your
audience
finally speak to you because you've
spoken to them for so long in your case
it doesn't sound like that's a perfect
fit um but there is also a an
organization called video ask and you're
able to use them to send out review
requests that they can either do a video
response back or they can text or they
could do nothing but you can also use
their
software to be able to send out in an
email you can have it be a chat or in
place of a chat on your
website it's
i don't have the answer for that it
would be trying what works but sometimes
we get in our head thinking that they
wouldn't want to expose themselves
but that's your
[Music]
your
you're limiting yourself you're bringing
your to the table
so yeah i'll say right here publicly on
techpath i've been to therapy on my own
i've been to therapy with my husband i'm
not secret about it i think therapy
should be mandatory for everybody so
you'd be surprised how many people are
willing to be more open about that and
how helpful you've been to them
i always joke that i have the most
expensive soul because it was just on
point but then i became a business owner
and holy hell
all of the limiting beliefs that you
didn't know were there
before
yeah i will be going back to therapy at
some point but right now i just you know
it's in between god complex and uh
it's all the way one or all the way
together
all right we have lots of questions this
is great if you do have a question
please drop in the chat we are going to
get through as many as we can today so
personalized word art wants to know how
to advertise their business where the
site has to do all the work because it's
like a personalized
site so it's hard to show what i would
suggest to you is a strategy that i did
not come up with but i can't remember
where i found it but on facebook ads you
can target people who have a birthday
coming up and so a cool way to advertise
your personalized stuff is like for
people who have a birthday coming up in
june show them like a personalized
product to do with like a june birthday
or like being a gemini and then for
people of a birthday coming up in july
adapted for july and that's the way you
can personalize it but still at scale um
so that is one idea i've seen before
that you can do with facebook ads but
not google ads um that i think is really
cool on google ads you can advertise
around life events you could advertise
to people who are about to graduate
college something personalized people
who recently got engaged something
personalized people who recently bought
a house something personalized and do a
similar strategy that way so those would
be my uh two advertising ideas for you
okay the question mz'd uh i think this
is a question for kirsten how do i list
my event on google i currently have our
company's old event showing up
i'm not understanding i was thinking
that it was event like a google
analytics four event so i'm like hey
free take it away
i mean um there's event schema for that
though
or maybe a business profile event is
that a thing putting an event on a
google business profile
yeah there's those
two okay well then lots of different
ways
to have information removed now worst
case but um i don't know exactly what
um
was meant as i have questions
like a true marketer why we get asked
questions we're like well it depends
tell me more so perhaps they'll tell us
more i'm going to keep going through
um
stock blocks wants to know how do you
sell
on google marketplace
i believe you're referring to google
merchant center which i spoke about
earlier and google merchant center
itself is not a place where you sell
you connect your store your online store
or your physical store to google
merchant center
then you connect google merchant center
to your google business profile to
google ads you turn on free listings and
that's how you show your products across
google
natura designs uk wants to know how can
we drive
traffic to our websites from social
media i do so much promotion and get
nothing from it so any tips on driving
website traffic from social media
i think
the the only thing when i sorry sorry
nope
go all yours
no when i when i hear that um
i mean listen social media is hard for
business it is because algorithms are
built for person-to-person connections
so if you treat your business as if
like your business profile as if it was
a business you're going to have a hard
time capturing people bringing them in
and wanting to go to your website um
i i don't know if it was just
coincidence but you said you know i do
so much promotion
and i don't get the traffic
i think the thing that we have to
realize is people aren't on social media
for us to promote to them they're on
social media to engage with us so ask
more questions
um
you know provide more value and and make
people want to engage with you and then
go to your website or something of that
nature that's just i mean that that was
just right off the
you know just off that word promotion
kind of made me think well you know
anyway that's what i got
yeah that's a great point i love
even in templates now when you look at
like web design ideas instead of having
a services page there's a solutions page
like their position
a mind blown ingenious like i'm sure i
knew that somewhere in me but
wow that really
it's all how you position it um
and social media you are the generator
anything like that it's not when you
step away
it dies down and then you show up again
and then it ramps up because it's all
based on that connection that they feel
um
with you and
wanting to have more of that
absolutely and to those just joining i'm
jill i'm here with bree and kirsten uh
we are all marketing experts with our
own respective specialties and we're
here answering your questions if you
want to catch the earlier part of this
live the whole recording will be on my
youtube channel
later this afternoon so you can check
out what you missed there
i see a request to do a video on search
impression share never heard of it till
now okay i'll do a video about search
impression sharing google ads but if it
flops i'm blaming you for the half hour
it's going to take me to do that i'm
just joking um brett hi brad want to
know uh this is a brie question what are
you guys doing about collecting first
party cookies i believe he means first
party data because cookies are changing
and tips for collecting first party data
yeah i mean
technically google analytics 4 is is
collecting your first party data right
it's it's data that
is coming straight from your website i
mean
i don't know that people realize that
like all google analytics does is like
makes your log files pretty that's
really all it's doing so the log files
are essentially anytime somebody comes
to your website they get like a little
file made and then they throw it into a
filing cabinet but the file's not
actually very pretty like if we were to
look at it we'd be like what is this
garberly goop it doesn't make any sense
um and all google does is make that
pretty um
and i will say that's kind of like
google analytics 4 had to come out
because with the current
atmosphere like that we're living in
with gdpr and ccpa and all these all the
legislation coming out around privacy
universal wasn't going to be sustainable
and then also
um
you know the changes like with ios 14
and cookie-less browsing google
recognized the fact that
oh if we keep doing things the way we
were doing them previously we're no
longer going to be able to play
in this space so ga4 was built with all
that in mind um
and what it it does is
so the reason that um you know we're
seeing things like anomaly detection and
predictive analytics and stuff is
because google really leaned on like
their machine learning so
um they do a lot of modeling so they use
all this like science
stuff and equations
and then they say
okay well we couldn't necessarily
collect jill's session on our website
because jill said no thanks don't track
me
but we had 40 other people that looked
just like joe come to the website and
this is what they did so we can assume
she's somewhere in between you know
these things um so that's how ga4 is
really like dealing with the whole
fun stuff going on in our space right
now but i would say
um
ga4 and
it is free right i mean that's that's
the thing about these products that i
don't know that people truly understand
the magnitude of that because there are
other platforms out there that you can
use to gather your first party data but
they're very expensive and because
they're very expensive there's not as
much help out there for it
right so like if you have a problem with
ga4 you can go to youtube and find a
hundred videos about how to solve that
problem because everybody has access to
it whereas if you have an issue with
adobe analytics you're looking at far
less
you know information out there so
anyways that's that's what i would say
about that
thank you and i'm going to get through
to a few just to make sure we have time
to answer everyone's questions so um oh
roger does finance wow it's the trifecta
of google experts yes if you're just
joining you have a google ads expert a
google seo expert and a google analytics
expert all here to answer your questions
uh
do you suggest shopping ads in google
for an e-commerce business or
should we focus on seo
hey kirsten and i can duke it out well
my advice to you and i'd love to hear
what kirsten says um has to do with an
uh ad a video i just posted yesterday
that unless your conversion rate times
your average order value is at least two
dollars
don't run ads focus on seo instead so
that's what i would say what do you
think kirsten
um it really just depends on the it
depends of course um on the the niche
because it's there are some that
it would be fairly easy to walk in and
be noticed in time that the seo campaign
is
still needing to ramp up
there are other times
i have an e-commerce business that is a
collectible
backpacks the lounge fly
um
and that is
people are looking for a very specific
skew like it
it was very easy to optimize i knew
exactly what they were looking for and
within a month we had insane
um
results so it's i think typically the
ads and seo
play very nicely
i think it's also
oh
yep
sorry sorry
i'm very bad at waiting my turn clearly
i'm not good at this um i i would say
too like it depends on like what your
overall goal is so if your overall goal
is long-term growth and sustainability
personally speaking i would say go to
seo wrote because you would
you know you're going to put in all of
the the work on the front end like of
that and then it's really from there
it's just keeping up with the updates
which i make i make it sound like that's
easy it's really not but it kind of i
mean the majority of the work's done up
front in it you reap the benefits
forever and ever
whereas ads if you focus on really
getting a good ad strategy you have to
keep the ads always on so like joe was
saying unless you can
make the the uh return on ad spin makes
sense
um
you know you really have to keep that in
in mind but also how fast are you
needing results seo results can take a
while to see add results you can see a
little faster so it's usually a good mix
of both though both of these ladies
should be able to help you out
yeah the analogy i like to give is that
like whether it's ads or it's seo you're
looking for a place to live it's a
virtual place for your businesses but
it's a place to live so ads is like
renting
you just start paying your rent and you
have somewhere to live and as long as
you keep paying rent you can live there
and the moment you stop paying rent you
get evicted whereas seo you start on day
one with an empty plot of land
and you have to make the blueprints and
then you start excavating and building
and then finally you have somewhere to
live and over time you renovate your
house and make it bigger no matter what
that is
yours um so
different people different strokes for
different folks and depending what's
right for your business but i see a
follow-up question from the same person
that if you are going to spend on
shopping ads what's a good ad budget
my normal advice is at least twenty
dollars a day for at least 30 days but
shopping ads are automated you don't
pick your keywords and with automated
campaign types you generally need to
spend more so i would say if you're one
of these businesses that only has one or
two products
you know a handful of skus
uh and you're going local not national
that maybe thirty dollars a day is a
starting point but again if you're going
national if you have multiple products
multiple product categories multiply and
multiply and multiply that
hey google pro
that says hoffmann mitch so i got google
certified because of this channel and
that would be you
yes hi nice to see you again he was here
on my last live and i did tell him to
get certified and we have some kudos
here to brief for her advice earlier
about social media and not just being a
promotion adding value she says or they
say yes exactly free it just makes it
pretty we have to do all the oh no that
was about google analytics it just makes
it all pretty and we have to do all the
work it's such a great way to um
to put it
okay to those of us joining we are your
trio of google marketing experts and we
are here to answer all your questions
about growing your business online we'll
be here for another five to seven
minutes or so so if you do have a
question you want to ask please make
sure you drop it below and also i'm sure
this won't be the last time we do this
together because this is a lot of
fun okay
um a question from personalized word art
is there an easy way to just do ads
without having to learn everything
and actually not sure designs responded
i think it's pointless to do ads if you
don't know anything about them i now
kind of agree with that
you can outsource ads to an expert but
in order to get an expert who's going to
know enough of what they're doing it's
going to take a lot of money to spend on
ads and a lot of money to hire that
expert so that's why i do recommend
business owners try to learn how to do
this by yourself and the free
certifications that hoffman nish just
took since our last live the google ads
certifications are a great place to
start that is google skill shop it's
completely free and not to be confused
with the google digital marketing
certificates on coursera which are not
free
um
apply digital skills
dot with google.com in case you needed
more um
google digital garage there's tons of
them yeah
the google skill shop is the google ad
certifications i actually just did my
video certification today because i
didn't realize it had lapped and i got
really angry because i thought the
questions were like out of date but
anyway i passed yeah
um oh here's a full body connection has
a question i have my business on google
but it doesn't show up when i search it
why
um
i mean what is the
full body connection
um
i mean your tick-tock
might show up i'm not sure if that's you
or not i'm like trying to real-time
research
uh
the real-time research
so your tick tock shows up i just
googled it and i'm now on your
tick tock it i
your link there is a link tree
so i mean i could follow the brick road
home
um and without digging into it i mean i
make sure that you're set up on search
console make sure that you've done uh
what you need to with submitting the
sitemap requesting uh an index on on
uh search console
and then
if you're already doing content for
tick tock when something performs well
um or if it's part of your branding that
you want that message out there to be
able to cultivate community
then
then put that on it's a page create a
blog with the video um there's scheme
we're not gonna go down the road
but we can optimize you can optimize
video you can optimize images you can
optimize on page you can do great
content so then you're getting the
linking off site like there's it's a lot
of optimization we optimize
um
all of that will help you get to where
you're wanting to go it's leaning more
towards content and
um technical seo more and more it's
there's no way around it you gotta
poison but one of the two either one's
hard
absolutely um i see a quick question
from hoffman mitch who's helping us
answer the question so thank you what's
your take on the adwords lite version
from gmb from google my business or
google business profile i don't
recommend it if you're going to run
google ads do not run a smart campaign
that's that will do run a proper google
ads campaign um and i've done a few
videos
about that um i think i'll take one more
question then i'll be trying to wrap it
up today so we have a question if we use
shopify
do we have to
submit for search console or is it
automatic with shopify
um i still
so yeah i still go through but it is um
the analytics part is is
hooked up
um
with the
search console when i'm setting it up i
just have a checklist that my team and i
do we work down the list
um
but i think that you could get away with
it just because there there's
but why not give yourself the extra
um
it'll get done faster if you do it
yourself
yeah and it's really easy to verify
search console when you set it up i know
even i was able to handle that for
myself but i see a calendar from full
body connection i wanted to see you guys
live and the fact you answer my question
is so helpful thank you you're welcome
thank you to everyone for joining us
today i'm jill i'm here with bree and
kirsten it's been a pleasure to hang out
with you and help you grow your business
if you want to catch the rest of this
live it'll be on my youtube channel and
we can't wait to see you all again soon
thank you so much
bye